---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zabbix_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-zabbix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zabbix_proxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the proxy.
- `operating_mode` (Number) Type of proxy. Possible values: 0 - active proxy; 1 - passive proxy.

### Optional

- `address` (String) IP address or DNS name to connect to for passive proxies.
- `allowed_addresses` (String) Comma-delimited IP addresses or DNS names of active Zabbix proxy.
- `description` (String) Description of the proxy.
- `port` (String) Port number to connect to for passive proxies. Default: 10051.
- `proxy_address` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated: Use allowed_addresses instead.
- `tls_accept` (Number) Connections from host. This is a bitmask field, any combination of possible bitmap values is acceptable. Possible bitmap values: 1 - (default) No encryption; 2 - PSK; 4 - certificate.
- `tls_connect` (Number) Connections to host.	Possible values: 1 - (default) No encryption; 2 - PSK; 4 - certificate.
- `tls_issuer` (String) Certificate issuer.
- `tls_psk` (String, Sensitive) The preshared key, at least 32 hex digits. Required if tls_connect is set to "PSK", or tls_accept contains the "PSK" bit.
- `tls_psk_identity` (String) PSK identity. Do not put sensitive information in the PSK identity, it is transmitted unencrypted over the network to inform a receiver which PSK to use. Required if tls_connect is set to "PSK", or tls_accept contains the "PSK" bit.
- `tls_subject` (String) Certificate subject.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
